
Multi-Language Comment Script for CotEditor
===========================================

a AppleScript for CotEditor.

It comment-outs the selection with proper comment delimiters for selected colouring syntax style.
Wenn no text selection exists then it inserts only comment delimiters before the cursor.

I recommend you to use this with your favorite key assign :)

covered languages
-------------
default coloring syntax on CotEditor 1.3（Perl, Ruby, PHP etc...）
as well Apache, XML, HTML5, SVG, SQL,  Markdown, AppleScript, Go, Scheme, gnuplot, ImageJ, R and ReVIEW
(the syntax name must be identical)


usage
-------------
Put the script in *Scripts Folder* of CotEditor (~/Library/Application Support/CotEditor/ScriptMenu/)


description
-------------
- The script comment-outs with line comment style 
  by languages that have both line and block comment style
  when the selected lines are less than 10 lines.
  This number is customizable.

- This script uncomments commented lines
  when more than half of lines in the selection are already comment-outed at the biginning of lines.
  This ratio is customizable.
  This uncomment function works only by line comment.

- It happens nothing by the uncoverd syntax mode.
  You can add extra languages in the first half of the the script.


customize
-------------
### key assign
You can assign a keyboard shortcut to the CotEditor script.
default assigned key for this script is Command + Shift + c.
See details on CotEditor help.

### customizable values in the script
- `minBlockCommentLines`
	minimum number of lines to use block comment on languages that have both inline and block comment style
	
	[default] 10 lines
	
- `commentLinesRate`
	proportion of comment lines for switching the uncomment function
	
	[default] 1/2

- `spacer`
	spaces between selection and comment delimiters
	
	[default] one length space


author
-------------
1024jp

website: [Wolfrosch](http://wolfrosch.com/)

twitter: @1024jp / @1024de


licence
-------------
This script by 1024jp is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/).


version history
-------------
2012-02-25 v1.0 released
